#summary How to use the public demo at yt-captions-uploader.appspot.com

= How to use yt-captions-uploader =

The public demo at [http://yt-captions-uploader.appspot.com/ yt-captions-uploader.appspot.com] is a working example of a caption uploader for !YouTube.

To upload captions to a video, you must be the video owner. 

The name of the caption file provides the video ID, and sets parameters like _Title_ and _Language_ in !YouTube.

This uploader only works with caption files in srt and sbv formats. You cannot use it to align plain transcripts.

== Authenticating to !YouTube ==
To upload captions, you must first log into !YouTube and grant permission to the yt-captions-uploader.

  # Open [http://yt-captions-uploader.appspot.com/ yt-captions-uploader] in your browser.
  # In the top right corner, click *Add Account*.
    * If your Google Account is already signed into !YouTube, you'll be directed to the !YouTube Authentication page. If this isn't the !YouTube account that the captioned videos belong to, log out of !YouTube and log in as the owner of the video that you want to upload captions for.
    * If you haven't connected your Google Account and your !YouTube account, you'll be redirected to a login page for !YouTube. Log in as the owner of the video that you want to upload captions for.
  # On the !YouTube Authentication page, click *Allow Access* to permit yt-captions-uploader to post captions to your videos. The browser returns to yt-captions-uploader, where you should now see your !YouTube channel name under _Current Account_.

== Naming Your Caption Files ==
The filename is used to tell the uploader which video, language, and track title to use. 

Use this syntax:
'videoID_langID.srt' or 'videoID_langID.sbv'
 
or, optionally, with a track title:

'videoID_langID_title.srt' or 'videoID_langID_title.srt'

Note that the video ID is an 11-character string, and may contain underscore characters. The language ID is the ISO 639-1 two-letter language code ([http://code.google.com/apis/youtube/2.0/reference.html#Localized_Category_Lists or locale], such as pt-BR)that identifies the desired caption language.

So the file '5q3cwvbwX_c_en.srt' would upload as an English caption track for this video (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q3cwvbwX_c). 

If we uploaded it as '5q3cwvbwX_c_en_ASL.srt' or '5q3cwvbwX_c_en_ASL.sbv', it would create an English caption track named "ASL" for the same video.

And if the file were a Chinese translation (Simplified Chinese), we would name it '5q3cwvbwX_c_zh-CN.srt' or '5q3cwvbwX_c_zh-CN.sbv'.


== Uploading Captions ==
  # Once you've named your files appropriately, click *Add Files* to add them from your computer. The selected files are shown in the upload queue.
  # When you've done adding files, click *Start upload* to begin adding them to !YouTube. When the upload is complete for each file, you'll see status below the upload queue.

If you want to add more files, refresh the page to clear the upload queue and start over.